May 11, 2003
Monkey Make Movie
https://www.bitchute.com/video/uowjutvaZLYb/ (Ep. 1-9)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708044109/https://www.bitchute.com/video/26fOZiPcc9go/ (Ep. 1)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708042516/https://www.bitchute.com/video/H8WmrlHpy0BI/ (Ep. 2)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708042428/https://www.bitchute.com/video/gIyPY6B0cCUU/ (Ep. 3)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708042420/https://www.bitchute.com/video/ECbOSlhFODCX/ (Ep. 4)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708042206/https://www.bitchute.com/video/KAzOUT3aVYsX/ (Ep. 5)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708042158/https://www.bitchute.com/video/2Jp5WTS7aVm2/ (Ep. 6)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708042051/https://www.bitchute.com/video/eteXRpRK0tls/ (Ep. 7)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708041941/https://www.bitchute.com/video/kPV26s1yInEg/ (Ep. 8)
http://web.archive.org/web/20200708042035/https://www.bitchute.com/video/i6AZB93aQVrD/ (Ep. 9)
http://archive.is/ckaE3: "The absolute final episode of MONKEY MAKE MOVIE is shot, and remains unedited until work on THE RECOVERED is completed." (2007)
http://archive.is/ckaE3: "The tenth and last episode of MONKEY MAKE MOVIE is finally edited and released." (2007)
https://mega.nz/file/gYgiCIZB#4iql5gUyJim6DfRlNDeV49g5qcQsv4uVZgeO08M9kqs
https://mega.nz/folder/tVJSRBiL#J9hfktygn8jqodK84x1Eqw
http://archive.vn/UsxMr (ffrevolution.com)
http://archive.is/tRvdP (ffrevolution.com)

[Episode I - George Lucas sucks]
The hell just happened?
I don't know.
That was bizarre.
I totally just hit record.
That's all I hit.
Is it recording?
Yeah.
Hey, boys and girls!
Welcome to the first episode of Monkey Make Movie!
You're, uh, bi-weekly installment of instructions on, you know, anything low-budget-film-related.
God, I suck.
I'm your host, Jay Bauman, and of Blanc Screen Cinema!
And, uh, I'd like to take, uh, this opportunity on our first episode to introduce my assistant.
This, uh, is Bingo.
Get in here.
Faster.
Faster.
Bingo hails from Rockford, Illinois.
Bingo, uh, tell people about yourself.
My name is Bingo, and I'm from Rockford.
Auuuuughhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Bingo, you're not speaking words anymore.
What have I told you about that?
Are you--
My gums are bleeding!
What?
How did that happen?
I got into a barfight.
Bar won.
Okay, well...Bingo, it's funny you should mention blood, actually, because that's what we're gonna be discussing on our first episode.
Uh, the, the proper recipe for how to make really good quality fake blood.
Uh, anyone familiar with Blanc Screen Cinema and our films knows that we love comically gratuitous violence.
So, yeah, I have...uh, I actually wrote the recipe on the back of my rent check envelope.
I didn't have anything else to, whatever.
Okay, here are the items you'll need: six pints of Karo syrup.
We couldn't afford any Karo syrup.
Uh, we had to go through the kitchen.
Just pretend that the, this ranch dressing is Karo syrup for the time being.
Use real Karo syrup.
Ranch dressing isn't the proper substitute.
Uh, three pints of red food coloring.
Three pints!
How many?
Three?
Yes.
Three pints.
Uh, we didn't have any red food coloring, so we're going to use this, this Pepsi instead.
I don't even know whose this is, I don't know where it came from.
Uh, one pint of non-dairy creamer.
Pretend these Ramen noodles are non-dairy creamer.
And one drop of blue food coloring, which I'm not even gonna bother to try and substitute.
Uh, so, first, to get started, you're going to want to pour your Karo syrup into a mixing bowl.
Yup!
We didn't have a mixing bowl, uh...Bingo broke the mixing bowl--
I did.
--so we're gonna use a strainer, you know...demonstration purposes.
Uh, do you wanna open up the Karo syrup, please?
Okay.
And while you're...add the syrup, and the, uh...Bingo.
What, it's stuck!
No, Bingo, this is--
What?
This is, we're trying to be informative here.
It's really distracting.
Could you cover yourself?
There.
And, in a separate bowl, you're gonna wanna mix your non-dairy creamer, uh, mix it up with a spoon, or something, until it gets fluffy, and kind of a, kind of a pasty consistency.
And then, you're gonna take that paste, and, and slowly fold into the, uh, Karo syrup.
And then you're gonna wanna take your food coloring, and, and pour that in.
You know, the uh, the real truth is, you know, no matter how much your blood to make it look good, people aren't gonna care.
It's like, you know, you can cover an entire kitchen, and all these actors, in fucking fake blood, and people are just gonna complain that it's poorly shot, or the actors suck.
They're not gonna care about all the hard work you put into decent-looking blood.
They're not gonna care about that.
Ow!
Ow!
Is it over?
It's over, go away.
Ow!
Aagh, Jesus!

[Episode II - George Lucas Still Sucks]
What, what, what?
Hey, boys and girls!
Welcome to the second edition of Monkey Make Movie, your tri-monthly video series on everything related to amateur films.
What?
Hey, boys and girls!
As always, I'm your host, Jay Bauman of Blanc Screen Cinema, and I would like to take this opportunity to once again introduce my sidekick, Bingo.
Say hi to the people, Bingo.
Hi!
Hiiii!
What happened to your hand?
What happened to your hand?
I'd rather not talk about it.
Okay, so, on this edition of Monkey Make Movie, we are going to be discussing auditioning actors.
Now, Bingo, you yourself are an actress.
Well, actually, um, now I'm concentrating a little bit more on directing.
Like, like George Clooney.
George, George who?
"E.R.", "Return of the Killer Tomatoes", George Clooney!
He did a movie.
Does it have Rob Schneider?
What are we talking about?
I'm concentrating on, on directing now, and I've just done, um, my first movie based on The New York Times Bestseller, um, Pulitzer prize-winning novel "The Hours".
The thing is, I didn't have the budget to do it, so mine called "The Minutes".
A lot of times, when you're starting out, and you're dealing with amateur films, you're mostly working with friends as actors, maybe some co-workers, uh, people that secretly hate you but are really talented, that kind of thing.
But as you get older, you're gonna start to realize that you wanna use actors that don't suck.
A good way to get auditions out is to, to post things, you know, in your local campus, like college kids, acting students, that kind of thing.
That's a good way to meet people, isn't it, Bingo?
Yup.
That's, that's how I met this.
Next step is actually auditioning.
Now, it's always important when the person comes in for an audition, make sure you get their name, and what role they're auditioning for.
Hi, I'm Jay Bauman.
I'm directing this movie.
Uh, sit down, tell me your name and what role you're auditioning for.
Hi, my name is Lisa Wendy, and I'll be auditioning for the role of Hitler.
Now it's very important that you let your actors know what they're getting into right away.
Don't, don't, don't candycoat it.
Let 'em know they're not gonna get paid, there's a very good chance they won't get any food on the set, that kind of thing.
It's important that you let them know that right up front.
Be honest.
They'll appreciate that honesty.
So you'll be getting $100 a week, and food's included.
Another thing about auditioning actors is that it's a really really great way to pick up chicks.
Believe me, there's nothing sleazy at all about it.
I will do anything for this role.
Anything?
Anything.
Anything?
Anything.
Anything?
Anything.
Anything?
Anything.
Anything?
Anything.
Anything?
Anything.
Will you work Saturdays?
No, actually.
Shit....Bingo?
Bingo, are you licking the radiator again?
Ugh, it tastes like hot!
Hot...
Bingo.
Here.
Stay where the snap is.
Stay where the snap is.
What do you think is important when auditioning actors?
What's something that, that is useful, and makes everyone a little more comfortable?
Um...oh, you could tell, tell jokes!
Tell jokes, that's a good point.
Bingo made a good point here, you know...
...tell jokes...
...lighten up the mood, make everybody comfortable.
That's a good thing.
Um, here, I've got a joke for you, Bingo.
Here's a good example, here's a good joke you could tell.
You got a joke?
I got a joke, Bingo!
Okay!
You ready for the joke?
Uh-huh!
You like jokes, don't you?
I love jokes.
You like, you like 'em almost as much as beef jerky, I hear.
Oh, no!
Beef jerky is better.
Okay, so yeah, here's a, here's a good joke you can tell, Bingo.
Remember this one.
You can tell your, your friends when you're playing bridge.
Okay.
What do you...what, what do you get when you stab a baby in the face with an ice pick?
What?
An erection.
Bingo?
Do you, uh, have any experience?
Absolutely not.
You're hired!

[Episode III - Lakers: 7]
Bike.
Bike.
Bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike bike.
People don't like to talk to you when you're walking around by yourself with a camcorder.
Hi.
I'm looking for a movie called Hall of Mirrors.
Do you know if you carry...
Hall of Mirrors?
Yeah.
Hall?
Yeah.
Don't have it?
Oh.
Okay.
Thank you.
Can I get you on camera saying that?
Oh, I was gonna ask you to ask the person on the other end of the phone, too.
Is there any way you can call really quick and ask if they've heard of Mindscape Pictures?
No...
Well, I guess I could call a bunch of people, but I don't think they've heard of it.
Mindscape--
Have you, have you ever heard of a movie called Into His Arms?
No.
It's, it's, it's, it's actually very good.
It sounds like it's the Michael Jackson story, but it's not.
It's, it's...
And, and that wouldn't be good?
No.
Have you, have you ever heard of a movie called The Long Walk Home?
What, yes.
You have?
I don't know where from, but just a book, I have no idea.
It's, there's one version with Whoopi Goldberg.
That's not the one I'm talking about.
Oh, then I haven't.
It, it stars, uh, a, a slapstick actor named Rich Evans.
Have you ever heard of Rich Evans?
No, I haven't.
No?
Where is this gonna be on?
This, have you ever heard of a website called rewindvideo.com?
No.
Okay, this isn't gonna be on there.
Is this like a, like a Hollywood film, or is this something...
Uh, uh, no.
Far far from it.
What do you think the chance of somebody knowing what this film is?
Very very very slim.
Have you, have yuou ever heard of a movie called Excaliburger?
No.
It's, it's like Excalibur, but only not as funny.
Have you ever heard of a movie called Two Ways the Same?
What, what's the name of it?
Two Ways the Same.
No.
No?
Have you, have you ever heard of a movie called Inquisition?
No, I haven't.
Never heard of it?
Are, you know who C.C. Chapman is?
I don't.
No?
He's a, he's a moviemaker.
You never heard of him?
Never.
Okay.
Oh, you have to get, uh, a number of people who have and haven't?
Uh, kinda, yeah.
So how far, or how has it been so far?
So far, I've, well, I'm, I'm listing several movies, and nobody's heard of any of them.
Are you famil-, do you know who Jon Ashby is?
No?
What's that?
I haven't slept in, like, five days.
What are you gonna ask me?
Have you ever heard of a movie called, uh, Two Ways the Same?
Two Ways the Same?
I don't believe so.
Excuse me, sir?
Yeah?
Have you ever heard of a movie called Two Ways the Same?
No?
Okay, thank you.
Have you ever heard of a movie called The Animal Game?
No, I haven't.
How about The Animal Effect?
No.
No?
Do you know who Garrett Gilchrist is?
It sounds familiar.
It does?
Really?
Go, you can go to rewindvideo.com or ffrevolution.com.
But the, the things is, most of the movies are really, really bad.
So why would, why would we wanna go see 'em?
Yeah.
That's a very good question.
Ma'am, have you ever heard of a movie called "Where's Deathlist"?
Is that with Rob Schneider?
No.
It's, you're in it, actually.
I am?
What do I do in that movie?
You write a check.

[Episode IV - Jason Takes Manhattan]
Hey, boys and girls!
Welcome to the fourth installment of Monkey Make Movie, your bi-annual video series no everything related to amateur films...I'm your host, Jay Bauman, and as always, here's my faithful sidekick, Bingo.
Was that Charlie?
You know, I've noticed that you've been eating celery a lot in this last week.
Yup.
What's the deal?
What's with all the celery?
I, I'm an actress, those actresses like Ally McBeal are really really skinny, so I'm on a diet.
Diet.
Isn't that a fad, Bingo?
Bingo, you do not need to be on a diet.
Yeah, I do.
Have you seen my pooch?
You're what?
Having a little, a little pooch here recently, so I wanted to lose some weight.
So celery is good for you.
Wait, a little poochy?
Where's the pooch?
I don't see any pooch.
What are you talking about?
Okay, well...
My pooch.
Speaking of pooch, this week's episode of Monkey Make Movie is about screenwriting.
Now, as you all know, screenwriting began in the early 40's by the French.
This will be the only complication the French will ever make to cinema.
And, to use examples of screenwriting, we're gonna be using excerpts from one of the greatest screenplays ever written: Caddyshack!
Got it!
Caddy...
Good screenwriting usually starts with a character.
If you have good characters, you can make any story interesting.
And if you have bad characters, you can make Phone Booth.
What?
Caddyshack is an excellent example of this, because 20-some-odd years later, what people remember about that movie is not, not necessarily the Chevy Chase character, or Bill Murrary, or Rodney Dangerfield.
What they really remember is Michael O'Keefe as Danny.
I thought it was because it took place in a shack.
People like, people really like shacks.
So, now we will be discussing a little bit of, uh, the proper format of a script.
Now, in general, screenplay format, the way you wanna establish the location starts off with interior, exterior, or interior.
And then you need to, to list what that location is, and whether it's day, night, or, uh...day?
There's, uh...
No, there's three.
There's day, then there's night, then there's...
...exterior?
Let's use an example from Caddyshack.
That movie takes place on a golf course, so there's plenty of shots of the golf course, as you hear Kenny Loggins playing in the background.
Oooh...nice.
If that was to be written in the screenplay, it would say, [EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAY].
What are you, what are you looking at, Bingo?
Do you see the words?
What words?
Those words that...you don't...?
Can we go on?
Okay...
Now, Blanc Screen Cinema generally deals with comedy films.
And I always think it's a good idea to have one kind of centerpiece scene, one scene that basically sets up the mood of the movie, that lets the audience know that if they don't enjoy this scene, they're probably not gonna enjoy the rest of the movie.
A good example of this in Caddyshack would be the, uh, famous, uh, Baby Ruth in the swimming pool scene.
You've seen...Bingo, you've seen the movie?
No.
Some careless kid that's around the swimming pool throws a Baby Ruth into the swimming pool, and everybody thinks, get this, everybody thinks it's a piece of shit.
They evacuate the pool, and then Bill Murray's character is cleaning out the pool, he finds the Baby Ruth, and he picks it up, and he eats it, and everybody thinks he's eating shit.
What's up with this one?
I wish we had the screenplay to Caddyshack, but unfortunately I couldn't find it anywhere on the internet.
I'm assuming because it's so popular, that it's just sold out everywhere, so the only copy of a screenplay I could get was to, uh, the worst movie of last year.
Punch Drunk Love.
Oh, gross.
You wanna talk about bad screenwriting...
Pudding!
The...pudding!
What?!
How, he got to Hawaii on pudding?!
Pudding.
He was so weird.
So.
Weird.
So, as you can see, the script of Punch Drunk Love is, uh, you know, it's got different colors to signify the different drafts.
Pre-direction is different from dialogue.
The dialogue of the character is indented.
You see that, Bingo?
That...
Indented.
Okay.
So, to summarize what we've learned...Bingo, sum everything up.
Okay.
Um, okay, indent your colors when the, your cast is reading stage direction during Caddyshack, and there's poop in the pool...um, that's about what I got out of that.
Close enough, Bingo.
Close enough.
Thanks.
So, next week on Monkey Make Movie, we will be discussing Caddyshack Part 2.
Auuuughhhhhh!

[Episode V - Who is Paddy Chayefsky?]
Are we gonna do that funny bit now for the people at home?
I don't have to tell you things are bad.
Everybody knows things are bad.
It's a depression.
Nobody makes movies anymore.
They sit on their computer and insult each other, or they're scared to show their work.
A dollar doesn't even buy a VHS-C tape.
Amateur filmmaking websites are going bust.
Fifteen-year old punks are running wild in the streets, shooting whacky hitman movies, and nobody anywhere seems to know what to do about it.
We know the movies are unfit to watch, and the amateur film websites are unfit to visit.
We sit at our computers and listen as Random Fu says they've completed fifteen short films, and Guy McConnell has abandoned 63 horror projects, as if that's the way it's supposed to be.
I don't have to tell you things are bad.
They're worse than bad.
They're mediocre.
Everyone everywhere is getting mediocre, so people are afraid to make movies now.
We sit at our computers.
We go to our filmmaking websites, and slowly the world we live in is getting smaller and smaller, and all we say is, please, I only had an afternoon to shoot this movie, so ignore the bad sound and the bad acting and the bad picture quality, and leave me alone.
Well, I'm not gonna leave you alone.
I want you to get mad.
I don't want you to protest.
I don't want you to riot.
I don't want you to write to John Ashby, cuz I wouldn't know what to tell you to write anyway.
I don't know what to do about Halloween fan films, or the John Wu ripoffs.
All I know is that you've gotta get mad.
You've gott say, I'm a filmmaker, goddammit.
My movies have value.
So...I want you to get up, I want all of you to get up out of your chairs right now, walk over to your window, open it, stick your head out, and yell, these movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take this anymore!
You've gotta get mad.
Then we'll figure out what to do about the poor sound quality, or the poor picture, or the oil crisis.
But first, you've gotta get mad.
You've gotta get angry.
Things have gotta change.
You've gotta put effort into your work if you want people to pay attention to it.
But first, you've gotta get mad.
You've gotta yell, these movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take this anymore!
These movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take this anymore.
I'm asparagus!
What?
These movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take it anymore!
These movies are bad as heck, and I'm not gonna take it anymore!
These movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take it anymore!
These movies are bad as hell!
And I'm not gonna take it anymore!
Grape soda is making my vagina sweat!
This is for Monkey Make Movie.
The end.

[Episode VI - Fun with Dirt]
Somebody's at the door!
Hey, boys and girls!
Welcome to the latest edition of Monkey Make Movie!
I'm your host, Jay Bauman, of Blanc Screen Cinema.
And, with me as always, is my faithful sidekick Bingo!
Say hi to the people, Bingo.
I said, say hi to the people, Bingo!
Hi.
Anyway, today is a very special day because it marks the ten-year anniversary of Monkey Make Movie.
What's wrong, Bingo?
We've been on the air for ten years?
Ten years.
You know...
It seems like it was only three months ago.
I know.
It's crazy.
A lot has happened in that ten years, though.
Like, there was that time that we got handcuffed together at the grocery store.
Or like that time, that time that we got handcuffed, um, together at Target.
Or the time that we got handcuffed together at Great America.
I forgot about that one!
Oh, man.
Where do we keep getting the handcuffs?
Guess a lots happened in these last ten years, and to commemorate the ten-year anniversary of Monkey Make Movie, here's footage of a monkey jerking off.
Bingo, what's wrong?
That monkey masturbating reminds me of my daddy.
He loved monkeys.
Anyway, this is a special of Monkey Make Movie, not just because of our ten-year anniversary, but because we have a very special guest coming out in a little bit.
Yeah.
We'll get to him in a minute.
But, you see, this week's episode of Monkey Make Movie is about out-of-work actors.
Now, Bingo, you yourself are an actress, right?
Yeah.
What's your most regent, recent project?
What were you working on last?
Okay.
This movie called Simon Birch.
Simon Birch.
This little boy with glasses.
He has no neck, like this.
Simon Birch.
When he wants to, like, turn around, he can't just be, like, oh, he has to go, like, like that.
Ow.
So, Simon Birch, that's a few years old now, so it's been a while since you've had, like, a real acting gig, isn't it?
Yeah.
Now, I'm assuming you've had to find, like, a day job or something to keep yourself busy, umm...
Mm-hmm!
Just the other day you went in for an audition.
How'd that go?
Oh, god.
My name is Bingo, and I'm applying for dancer's wanted ad that I saw in the paper.
Okay, kid.
Show us what you got.
Do you that Michael Jackson video, Thriller?
I can do the thriller dance.
Ready?
Cuz this is thriller, thriller night.
And no one’s gonna save you from the...thriller...
No, no, kid.
That's not exactly what we're looking for.
Um...well, I can also do the mashed potato.
No, no, no, kid.
I can do the macarena.
I don't think you're quite getting it, kid.
That's not the kind of dancing we're looking for.
The kind of dancing we're looking for is where the dancers take off their clothes.
Whaaat?!
And that's how I got my face stuck in the waffle iron.
Again?
Yeah, I like waffles, though.
You ever been to the Waffle House?
Do you know if you go to the Pancake House, you can still get waffles?
Bingo, what are you doing?
It's my Simon Birch eating a pancakes impression.
We can pour some syrup, put some butter on, and then eat the pancakes.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome for the first time since his starring role in The Trouble with Her Uterus, Doyle Johnson.
Hi there, Doyle!
Why, why, hello, Jay.
So you were the star of the film, The Trouble with Her Uterus.
You're very itchy, Doyle.
It's, it's my jumpsuit.
Oh.
I have been wearing it for fifteen years straight now.
You haven't washed it?
No.
Maybe you should
I know.
Okay, so anyway, uh, it's been a few years now since The Trouble with Her Uterus.
You didn't get any other jobs after that film?
No.
I, I did however get to write a book called Be Somebody or Be Somebody's Fool.
You know, I would be way more excited about that if I knew how to read.
But that's great.
So, did you have anyone co-write the book with you, or...Bingo!
What did I tell you about the Kix?
That they're kid-tested, mother-approved?
Enough with the Kix, Bingo.
Eat the Kix in another room.
I don't wanna ruin my half, it's where all the Monkey Make Movies in here.
That's, that's not the nic-...
Shut up, shut up!
Your, your eyes are, are really pretty when you're angry.
That's not what I wanted to hear.
I'm outta here!
They, they, they are like sapphires.
Hi, I'm Jesse Sorgatz, the actor who is currently playing Doyle Johnson.
Why, why, hello, Jesse.
Shut the fuck up, Doyle.
Do you wanna hear about out-of-work actors?
I'll tell you about out-of-work actors.
You ever hear of a movie called Pervert Goes Home?
Well, the pervert went fucking home!
I got fired from that piece of shit fucking movie.
I was, I was playing Dungeon Master.
Wanna see a little deleted scene with me playing Dungeon Master?
It's fucking gold.
It's fucking genius.
Cuz Jay's a fucking asshole.
He said to me, you know, I don't think you're doing so well in this movie, uh, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna hire somebody else to...fuck you, Jay!
Fuck you.
I was good.
Play, play the fucking scene.
You will see, where do we got a, you got a TV that comes up, like in, like in Leno.
We'll play the scene and you'll fucking see.
Did you see that fucking clip?
And then you, you see the fucking movie?
What the fuck is that?
I was fucking brilliant.
Now I have to be a dry cleaner.
I fucking work in a laundromat now.
Fuck you, Doyle.
You fucking suck.
And fuck you guys.
Fuck, fuck the lot of you.
I...fucking die.
Phone's ringing, dude.
I'd like to apologize for that little rant there.
That's not really what this episode was supposed to be about.
And I'd also like to apologize for my ranting earlier.
The, the evil demons, they took control, they came out, I was a little upset about the Kix.
Oh, you know who really likes Kix?
Well, Simon Birch.
He loves his...
Bingo.
What?
This Simon Birch obsession is taking over Monkey Make Movie.
It's taking over you.
It's ruining the series.
It's raping what we've been spent ten years to fill.
I hate to do this, Bingo, but...
What?
I gotta let you go.
You're kidding?
I'm sorry, Bingo.
You're fired.
Get out.
We'll validate your parking.
Please leave.
Okay.

[Episode VII - Ani-who?]
Previously on Monkey Make Movie.
Bingo, you are fired.
Can't fire Bingo.
Oh, no.
Oh, Jay, you be ashamed of yourself.
Jay make Bingo sad.
Oh, no.
Bingo hitchhike all the way to Hollywood to become famous actress like Sally Field.
Or Lisa Von Barkeley.
Meanwhile.
Guilt over Jay's head.
What have I done?
Jay become alcoholic.
Vomit.
Oh, Jay surprised to see pile of vomit move.
Holy shit.
Oh, look, it is Ichiban.
Ichiban is Jay's conscience, like Jiminy Cricket, but not as gay.
Oh, Jay.
You must go to LA and get Bingo back.
But I don't know where to find her.
I'll show you where to find her.
Bingo get part in Russell Crowe movie, Master and Commander.
Bingo play cannonball.
You go to Master and Commander premier.
You get Bingo back.

[Episode VIII - The Chronicles of Bingo]
How did I get in this egg?
God, the pain is so bad!
Barkeep?
Barkeep?
Barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep, barkeep?
What's up?
You want another one?
Hit me.
Milk.
Simon Birch?
Mr. Simon Birch, sir?
It's a true honor.
Of course it is, Bingo.
You know my name?
Of course I do, Bingo.
I saw you in that Russell Crowe movie.
You were great as a cannonball.
You were excellent.
Just fucking awesome.
Thank you, Mr.
Birch.
You know, I, I didn't think anybody actually saw that.
So tell me, Bingo.
What are you working on now?
Well, well you, well you know, I, I've kinda been typecast as a cannonball.
You know...
That's fucking bullshit.
What?
Why?
Let me tell you something, Bingo.
Okay.
You think being typecast as a cannonball is tough?
Yeah.
Try being typecast as a little boy with no neck and glasses.
Oh.
Just try getting some work after that.
That's terrible, Mr. Birch, sir.
Fucking right, it's terrible.
Okay.
Hey, Bingo.
There's that Jay Bauman guy you did Monkey Make Movie with.
Oh, that was a good show.
You should fight to get back on that show.
It's nothing without you.
Let me ask you something, Bingo.
Okay.
You ever heard of that Jonathan Lipnicki asshole?
The little fucking douchebag from Jerry Maguire.
Oh.
He was up for the role of Simon Birch.
I had to fight.
Fight, Bingo, for that role.
I kept trying to tell the producer, he's not even a midget, he's just a little kid.
Oh.
I fought, Bingo.
I fought for what I believe in.
And now I'm billed as Simon Birch.
So if you don't wanna be typecast as a cannonball, get out there and fight for what you want.
That's the best advice I ever got from a midget with no neck and glasses, Simon Birch.
Thank you, Mr. Birch.
Lipnicki.
Birch.
Hey.
Hey.
How are you?
I'm good.
How, how are you?
Oh, you know.
I'm okay.
So, uh...what's new?
Nothing.
What's new with you?
You know, not much.
Heard you got a part in a movie.
Yeah, you know, I played that cannonball in the, the Master and Commander movie.
Right.
Right.
Have you lost some weight?
No.
Oh.
Have you gained some weight?
No.
Oh.
You look good.
Thanks.
You, too.
Thanks.

[Episode IX - Bingo's Student Film]
Hey, boys and girls!
Welcome to the latest edition of Monkey Make Movie.
Now I know what you're thinking.
Where have we been?
Jay, where have we been?
I haven't seen me in, like, a year.
You see, once we got back from California, Bingo got the filmmaking bug.
Yeah, it got all in me.
I tried some herbal remedies, but it didn't work.
So, we decided to send Bingo to film school.
Movie Making University!
Yay!
What do I do now?
Now, I'm not sure if you're aware, but film school costs a lot of money.
This is why we had to move from our old apartment to this much smaller apartment.
We got a really good deal on it because this is the very apartment that little person actor Billy Barty died in.
Who...somebody died here?
Where?
Is that why we have all the little forks?
Bingo, what do you, what do you have there?
Billy Barty's itty-bitty little-bitty fork.
But it's so small.
We don't even have a bathroom.
Where did Billy Barty go to the bathroom?
I think he went in the sink.
Bingo, what are you doing?
My Billy Barty going to the bathroom in the sink impression.
Little fork!
So, Bingo, why don't you tell people what you learned at film school.
Okey dokey!
In film school, I learned four very important lessons.
Number one, always wear black.
Number two, always talk about topics you know nothing about, just to sound smart.
You see, because I'm an artist, so I create, you know, and what everyone else does is just kind of observe, and watch.
What I create, you know, like, they just critique it.
When they're observing what I create, they don't really know.
I got my hands in there, and I'm, like, molding it with my fingers, with my flesh, and my sinew, you know what I mean?
Did you know Jem and the Holograms is out on DVD now?
Two discs.
Number three, always read into films more than you should.
For example, Monsters, Inc.
was an excellent commentary on alternative sources of energy.
And number four, Boboli pizza is the best pizza in the world.
You can put whatever you want on your Boboli pizza.
Um, well most people enjoy the classics, but I like to be a little bit more creative when it comes to my Boboli pizza.
Grass seed, you can grow some grass on your Boboli pizza.
Because it's your Boboli!
And now, ladies and gentlemen, without further adieu, why don't we roll the clip of Bingo's student film.
Are we there yet?
I, I'm almost out of cheese.
I'm here.
And it only took me the length of the Alanis Morissette song to get here.
Isn't it ironic?
Where'd everybody go?
