April 2003
Hangin' with the BSC Posse
https://archive.is/1RySj (mega.nz)

So here we are in a car with Lisa Renley, uh, amateur superstar.
Academy, Academy Award-nominated for her role--
Three times.
Three times.
Um, uh, we are going to discover, out of all the years that Lisa has been working on amateur movies, how much she knows about, about filmmaking.
Perfect.
Uh, uh, what can you tell us about f-stops, Lisa?
F-stops...
F-stops...
F-stops are...okay, in f-stops, I'll start singular, would...I have no idea.
I had coffee with James Spader in that Starbucks not two weeks ago.
This is gonna be titled Jay and Jesse's Homeward Bound Adventure.
So right now, we're making a documentary about our attempts to find our automobile.
We're parked on a sidestreet here, somewhere in Chicago.
Um, right, we know we have to take a left at--
Uh, the, the, the Hogan Hut.
Hoagie Hut.
The Hoagie Hut.
Then we have to turn left, about two to three blocks over, and then turn right, and there'll be our car.
This is, this is gonna be self-titled (?).
So...fuck.
Okay, wait, w-wait, we're passing the hip, trendy movie theater.
Quiet American's, uh, uh, not good.
Spirited Away is that Disney movie about that horse that rides around, right?
Yes.
Speaking of, uh, artsy independent films, what, what do you have to say about Bringing Down the House?
Three weeks, uh, number one movie at the box office.
Well, I think it has to do with the pairing of Queen Latifah and Steve Martin, which, personally as a fan, I've been hoping for that since I can't even remember.
Did you hear white people tried to act like they're gangsters?
And doesn't Steve Martin wear some ice in, um, you know "ice", that term?
What?
Ice, it's like, uh--
See, you're already familiar--
Bling, bling.
Oh, the bling bling.
That must be--
See, bling bling's five minutes ago, but now thing's ice apparently.
It's ice.
See, I'm already learning, and I haven't even seen the movie.
Do you have ice or not?
Exactly.
If Steve Martin has ice in the movie.
Yes.
I'm glad I, see, I explained ice.
I couldn't explain f-stops, but I can explain ice.
Look at that.
They don't have any ice cream at Osco.
We're thinking of going to (?), but I just saw a couple of, um, Asian people in there.
So I'm a little more hesitant to go in there now.
I should've expected it, because Asians--
You shut off on the racism?
Yeah, I don't--
I was trying to be racist, and you shut the camera off?
What, what is that I see up on the horizon, Jesse?
Hoagie Hut.
Hoagie Hut.
Hoagie Hut.
Hoagie Hut.
And what do we have to do at the Hoagie Hut?
Hoagie Hut.
We have to turn left at the Hoagie Hut.
First, we have to cross the street.
And then--
Who are you, where are you going?
Stay out of trouble, lady.
Hoagie Hut.
Should we go into the Hoagie Hut?
Should we go into the Hoagie Hut?
The rumor around town is that this is Chicago's first (?) ever.
Really?Where'd you, where'd you hear that?
Oh, I heard, the kids, the kids on the street, (?)
Okay, what are we in search of now?
We are in search of a white, male, Oxford, short-sleeve shirt, only found at Kohl's department store.
So, as usual, whenever I do anything with a friend, we can't find what we're looking for.
I can't find Kohl's.
Every time you want a Kohl's, there's a (?) store.
I think it would've been easier in Kohl's.
Boys has a huge sign.
I think that's for the men's bathroom.
Damn.
They were very specific about being Oxford.
Right, but I don't know if Oxford is, like, a brand or a style.
Because I don't normally shop in a men's department.
But the person behind the camera should know what Oxford is.
I don't know shop at stores that charge regular prices.
I, I search at dumpsters for my clothes.
I know.
But, keep recording.
Little, little lens.
There you go.
How do you feel?
Do you like it?
How do you feel?
How do you like being put under the microscope?
Why'd you pick that ice cream?
I just wanted to try something different, you know.
Don't wanna box myself in to any kind of specific ice cream relationship, you know.
For me, it's kind of experimenting.
I'm young, you know.
I wanna get out there, I wanna try new ice creams.
I just can't, I can't stay down with one ice cream forever.
I can't hold myself in like that.
It's not the ice cream, it's me.
So here we are crossing the street.
Our first little bit of conflict, Jesse doesn't go down this street, he thinks we go down that street.
I think we do.
I don't think we do.
I think we do, Jay.
No, no way.
Because we turned the wrong way when we got in, and had to walk down that way.
Right.
And then we had to come back--
Exactly.
That's what we were thinking of.
Good thing I remembered where we're at.
(?) fuck up the first time, so we're not gonna do it this time on the way back.
I hope this person stops.
Or they could not stop.
That'd be good, too.
Thank you!
So now we're in very little light, which means not only is the camera out of focus, but it's too dark to see anything.
This is--
(?) city in our lives.
Yes, this is, whenever Jesse and I go somewhere, we generally have trouble, uh, either getting there, or getting back.
Mostly because we're both 'tards.
We're both idiots.
But we found the car with no problem.
Yeah, now all we have to do is find our way home.
Yes.
Quest for beaver.
Okay, how do men's sizes run?
What is 18.5 mean?
I have no clue.
Scratch your head again.
What if this is you?
(?) don't know.
So we have successfully gone to the mall using a VX 2000 and shot nothing of any significance.
And now we have the problem of trying to find the car.
I can't see it.
Uh, you didn't get to see if that guy was just waving at the camera, despite the fact that it was pointed directly at us.
Why did you make us lost?
We got a little lost.
Where is the car, Jay?
I think he's wrong.
I think he's very wrong, and I think we're walking the wrong way.
So that's east, we don't want that way.
I want east.
This west?
Which, uh, oh, god, we're (?)
So where's west?
(?) streets.
Where the fuck is (?) west?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Fuck it.
Car had whitewalls.
Yeah.
Doesn't help anybody, they're just in a club.
I hope those kids don't get trampled.
6:30 in the morning right now.
Got more lost in Chicago.
What?
(?) in the other direction.
Being that way.
The opposite of this way.
It looks like we're on the right track now.
Now all I have to do is drive and not hit another car.
Right.
And then we're good.
All right.
Signing off, now.
What is that behind you?
The blue car with the tires.
My car.
I see no white on these tires.
They're whitewalls.
Where'd the whitewalls go?
In the car.
Do we have anything else to add before we lose light here?
Uh, now.
Hey, watch this, watch this.
Pork salad!
